Design a program that allows two players to play a game of checkers.You do not have to code A.I.
The program should have:
     1. A function to draw a single square at any position, and of any color.
     2. A function to draw a checker at any position and of any color.
     3. A function to draw the board that uses the draw square function and draw checker function.
     4. A single 2D array to represent the checkerboard’s data. Color of the square, the type of 
        piece on it, etc.

~~Movement~~
Movement on the checkerboard is handled by inputting two coordinates separated by a dash. For 
example 12-34 will move a checker from position (1,2) to position(3,4). Only legal moves
are allowed. You’ll have to check if a move can happen before you allow it to happen.

~~Rules~~
Checkers is played by two opponents, on opposite sides of the gameboard. One player has the dark 
pieces; the other has the light pieces. Players alternate turns. A player may not move an
opponent's piece. A move consists of moving a piece diagonally to an adjacent unoccupied square. 
If the adjacent square contains an opponent's piece, and the square immediately beyond it is 
vacant, the piece may be captured (and removed from the game) by jumping over it. Only the dark
squares of the checkered board are used. A piece may move only diagonally into an unoccupied
square. The player without pieces remaining, or who cannot move due to being blocked, loses the
game.

~~Men~~
Uncrowned pieces (men) move one step diagonally forwards and capture an opponent's piece by 
moving two consecutive steps in the same line, jumping over the piece on the first step. Multiple
enemy pieces can be captured in a single turn provided this is done by successive jumps made by
a single piece; the jumps do not need to be in the same line and may "zigzag" (change diagonal
direction). Men can jump both forwards and backwards.

~~Kings~~
When a man reaches the kings row (farthest row forward), it becomes a king, and is marked by
placing an additional piece on top of the first man, and acquires additional powers including
the ability to move backwards and capture backwards. Like men, a king can make successive jumps
in a single turn provided that each jump captures an enemy man or king.
Kings may also fly, meaning they can move any distance along unblocked diagonals, and may capture
an opposing man any distance away by jumping to any of the unoccupied squares immediately beyond
it. Because jumped pieces remain on the board until the turn is complete, it is possible to
reach a position in a multi-jump move where the flying king is blocked from capturing further
by a piece already jumped.

~~LAGINAPPE~~
     • Make the checkerboard data global.
     • After you’ve completed your design, I suggest tackling the square and checker drawing
       functions first. A square can be defined by an x and y position and a width. Then the
       draw board function. Then code movement and game rules.
     • Make a function to check if a move is valid.
     • To completely fill in a space on the console screen use char #9608
     • Console.SetCursorPosition() and Console.ForegroundColor are your friend